1.What is the difference between echo and print?
Answer: echo: Can outputs multiple values and is faster.
        print: Outputs a single value and always returns 1.

2.What is the difference between cookies and sessions?
Answer: Cookies: Stored in the user's browser and have a specific expiration time.
        Sessions: Stored on the server and expire when the user's session ends.

3.How many errors are there in PHP?
Answer:

    1.Notice error
    2.Warning error
    3.Fatal error
    4.Parse error

4.How can we declare variables in PHP?
Answer: Variables in PHP start with $.
Example: $name = "Tuhin";

5.What is the difference between include and require?
Answer: Include: Gives a warning if the file is missing but continues script execution.
        Require: Causes a fatal error if the file is missing, stopping script execution.

6.How can we create constants in PHP?
Answer: Creating constants in PHP: Use the define() function.
Example: define('NAME', 'Tuhin');

7.How many data types are there in PHP?
Answer: The main data types in PHP are:

	String
	Integer
	Float
	Boolean
	Array
	Object
	Null
	Resource

9. What are the differences between GET and POST methods?
Answer:
POST: Sends data via the HTTP POST method and it does not show data in the URL. 
GET:  Sends data via the HTTP GET method and it show data in the URL.

10. How many types of arrays are there in PHP?
Answer: PHP arrays have three types:
      Indexed Array: An array with numeric indexes.
      Associative Array: An array with named keys (strings) as indexes.
      Multidimensional Array: An array that contains one or more arrays, allowing for complex data structures.

10.What are the different types of loops in PHP?
Answer: The main types of loops in PHP are:
       for loop
       while loop
       do-while loop
       foreach loop (specifically for arrays)

11.Explain the explode() and implode() functions.
Ans : explode(); converts a string to an array.
      implode(); converts an array to a string.

12. Explain the use of the die() and exit() functions in PHP.
Ans : Both die() and exit() perform the same function in PHP they are both stop script .

13.what is the difference between pdo and mysqli?
Ans : Difference between PDO and MySQLi:
     PDO : supports multiple database .
  MYSQLI : only supports mysql database.

14. What is the purpose of isset() and empty()?
Ans : isset(): Checks if a variable is set and not NULL.
      empty(): Checks if a variable is empty (e.g., NULL, 0, false, "").

15. What is an array in PHP?
Ans : An array is a data structure in PHP used to store multiple values in a single variable. Types of arrays include indexed, associative, and                   multidimensional arrays.

16. What is an Abstract Class in PHP?
Ans : An abstract class in PHP cannot be instantiated and is intended to be subclassed. It can contain both abstract methods (without implementations) and         concrete methods

17. What is namespace in PHP?
Ans : A namespace in PHP is a way to encapsulate and organize code, preventing name conflicts by grouping classes, functions, and constants under a defined       name.

18. What is an interface in PHP?
Ans : An interface defines a contract for classes without implementing the methods. Classes implementing the interface must define all the interface             methods.

19. What are Traits in PHP?
   Traits allow code reuse in PHP where multiple inheritance is needed. They allow you to use methods across multiple classes without traditional          inheritance.

19. Explain error handling in PHP.
Ans : PHP provides functions like error_reporting(), set_error_handler(), and try-catch blocks for custom error handling, allowing you to control how errors       are displayed and logged.

20. What is MVC in PHP?
Ans : MVC (Model-View-Controller) is a design pattern that separates an application into three components: Model (data handling), View (user interface), and       Controller (business logic).


21. What is Composer, and why is it used in PHP projects?
Answer: Composer is a dependency management tool for PHP. It simplifies managing libraries and packages in projects,automatically handling installation and         updates.

22. What are the main differences between == and === in PHP?
Answer: == (Equality): Checks if the values are equal, regardless of type
        === (Identity): Checks if the values and types are both identical.


23. what is difference between while loop and do-while loop?
Ans : In a while loop, the condition is checked before the loop executes, so the loop may never run if the condition is false initially.
      In a do...while loop, the condition is checked after the loop executes, ensuring that the loop runs at least once regardless of the initial condition.


24.mysql built-in function.
Answer : 1.count(), 2.sum(), 3.avg(), 4. max(), 5.min(), 6.now(), 7.DATEDIFF().

25. How can you send an email using PHP?
 Ans : Use the mail() function to send basic emails. For more advanced functionality, you can use libraries like PHPMailer.

27. What is the purpose of the use keyword in PHP?
Ans : It imports a namespace or alias in a PHP file, making code easier to manage when using namespaces.

28. Explain the concept of OOP in PHP.
Ans : PHP supports Object-Oriented Programming, allowing you to use classes, objects, inheritance, polymorphism, and encapsulation to structure code.

29. How can you connect to a MySQL database in PHP?
    Using mysqli_connect() for MySQLi or PDO (PHP Data Objects) for a more secure, object-oriented approach.

30. What are Superglobals in PHP?
Ans : Built-in global arrays like $_GET, $_POST, $_SESSION, $_COOKIE, $_FILES, $_REQUEST, and $_SERVER that are accessible anywhere in the script.