1.What is the difference between echo and print?
Answer: echo: Can outputs multiple values and is faster.
print: Outputs a single value and always returns 1.

2.What is the difference between cookies and sessions?
Answer: Cookies: Stored in the user's browser and have a specific expiration time.
Sessions: Stored on the server and expire when the user's session ends.

3.How many errors are there in PHP?
Answer:

1.Notice error
2.Warning error
3.Fatal error
4.Parse error

4.How can we declare variables in PHP?
Answer: Variables in PHP start with $.
Example: $name = "Tuhin";

5.What is the difference between include and require?
Answer:
Include: Gives a warning if the file is missing but continues script execution.
Require: Causes a fatal error if the file is missing, stopping script execution.

6.How can we create constants in PHP?
Answer: Creating constants in PHP: Use the define() function.
Example: define('NAME', 'Tuhin');

7.How many data types are there in PHP?
Answer: The main data types in PHP are:

	String
	Integer
	Float
	Boolean
	Array
	Object
	Null
	Resource

9. What are the differences between GET and POST methods?
Answer:
POST: Sends data via the HTTP POST method and it does not show data in the URL. 
GET: Sends data via the HTTP GET method and it show data in the URL.

10. How many types of arrays are there in PHP?
Answer: PHP arrays have three types:
Indexed Array: An array with numeric indexes.
Associative Array: An array with named keys (strings) as indexes.
Multidimensional Array: An array that contains one or more arrays, allowing for complex data structures.

10.What are the different types of loops in PHP?
Answer: The main types of loops in PHP are:
for loop
while loop
do-while loop
foreach loop (specifically for arrays)

11.Explain the explode() and implode() functions.
Ans : explode(); converts a string to an array.
      implode(); converts an array to a string.

19. Explain the use of the die() and exit() functions in PHP.
Ans : Both die() and exit() perform the same function in PHP they are both stop scitp .

13.what is the difference between pdo and mysqli?
Ans : Difference between PDO and MySQLi:
     PDO : supports multiple database .
     MYSQLI : only supports mysql database.